So throughout the section, you learned a lot about components,
we really had a deep dive on them.
You learned how to use data binding with custom properties and events, how to pass data around, how to access
elements in your DOM, how to use local references, how to really create a dynamic app and how to use
lifecycle hooks to run some code at specific points of time.
With that, a lot of core features of Angular have been set now, have been taught,
now it's time to of course practice them in the recipe book in the next module where we will enhance
it as with our new knowledge
and of course to play around with that knowledge in your own apps.
So let's move onto the recipe book before we dive deeper into directives.